[DOC] add comments about expired keys content as s null-array (#2876)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/commands/ft.aggregate.md

* **LIMIT {offset} {num}**. Limit the number of results to return just `num` results starting at index
  `offset` (zero-based). AS mentioned above, it is much more efficient to use `SORTBY … MAX` if you
  are interested in just limiting the output of a sort operation.

>   If a key expires during the query, an attempt to `load` its content, will return a null-array. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If a key expires during the query, an attempt to `load` the key's value will return a null array. 
```
